AuthLab teaches authentication as a system,
not password tips.
First, it separates three decisions.
Identity is the account claim.
Authentication is accepted proof.
Authorisation is the permitted action.
Next, the password lab uses fictional data
to show credential stuffing.
A leaked password can be replayed
across unrelated services,
so complexity alone does not stop reuse.
The phishing module asks learners to inspect
the registered domain, request context,
and a trusted route.
A page can copy pixels, and a real-time attacker
can relay passwords or one-time codes.
The MFA comparison separates replay resistance
from phishing resistance.
TOTP is short-lived,
but it can still be relayed.
A WebAuthn passkey signs a fresh challenge
for the relying party,
so a look-alike site cannot obtain a valid assertion
for the legitimate domain.
Finally, Form A and Form B results
stay in the browser
and can be exported
as a de-identified record.
AuthLab asks for no real password,
MFA code, or biometric.
The optional browser demonstration is not a production login;
no server verifies its assertion.
The design rule is simple: demonstrate the protocol
without creating a new security risk.